Questions

1. What information can you obtain by using the WHOIS tool contained within Sam Spade
	Through Samp Spade, we can get the server host name, domain name, server's addresses, administrator contact information and also all the domain's information
	including their real name, mail address, country and telephone etc.
2. Besides the WHOIS utility covered in this lab, what other functions did you discover are possible with the Sam Spade utility
	ping, nslookup, ip block, dig, traceroute, finger, smtp verify, time,blacklist,abuse lookup
	
3. What is the purpose of the tracert command? What useful information does the trace route tool provide? How can this information be used to 
   attack the targeted website
   
4. Is Sam Spade an intrusive tool? What is your perspective on the use of a freeware utility such as Sam Spade
	No, 
5. By its nature, WHOIS information must be publicly available. What do you think companies and organizations should do with regard to this information.
	Although WhoIS information should be publicly available, companies and organizations still can disguise themselves by utilizing the agent server technolgy.
	In this method, WhoIS command only can find the user information on agent server rather than directly access companies' and organizations' confidential user
	information.
6. How can you find out who is the CEO of a company
	Generally, the CEO of a company is open to public, we can use some search engines like Google, Bing to search the directors of the company. Then, we will get
	answer.
7. What is the goal when trying to use a search engine for data gathering or footprinting
	the purpose of use search engine is that we can obtain both official release information of a company and also information in publications and other websites.
	Through these information, attackers can find somepeople or assets that they are interested in to act a potential attack.
8. From the basis of the information you uncovered, who are the primary technical contacts for the apples.com, oranges.com and bananas.com domains
	Apples.com: JD1-APPLES | Oranges: Sparrow JD1-ORANGES | Bananas.com: Linda Stone JD1-BANANAS
9. Where do you think the servers are located that host the apples.com, oranges.com and bananas.com domains? provide evidence to support your claim.
	According to the return information of command WhoIS, we know that the three servers located as follows:
	- apples.com: the server location might be Gambia
	- Oranges.com: the server location might be the United States
	- bananas.com: the server location might be the United States.
10. What are the primary IP addresses for DNS servers hosted on the apples.com,oranges.com, and bananas.com domains 
	apples.com: 10.20.100.20
	oranges.com: 192.168.40.9
	bananas.com: 192.168.3.5
