Viruses Symptoms 
	- Slow response opening applications or browsing the internet
	- Applications not working as they normally would 
	- Operating system not booting up correctly or not functioning normally
	- Event logs reporting numerous, unusual alerts
	- Antivirus software is not running has been disabled, or can't update its virus definitions
	- Numerous windows pop up when trying to access the Internet or opening a browser 
	
Many new malware and viruses are detected every day, and anti-virus vendors usually update 
their anti-virus signature files several times per week. Updating the antivirus software with 
the latest virus definitions ensures the software has the latest information to identify and quarantine 
threats. AVG automatically updates the database on a regular bases, as long as the machine is able to 
reach the Internet. The vWorkstation does not have direct access to the Internet, so selecting this 
option will have no effect in the lab and you will see a warning message at the top of the AVG window 
throughout this lab. However, this is an important step in performing a virus scan outside the lab, 
so it is included here.

In addition to updating the database, it is also important to research and apply any patches to the 
antivirus software itself. These patches often address vulnerabilities in the application as well. 

Exceptions of AVG => enables you to remove specific files or folder from the scan

AVG could not scan zip file but its Resident Shield feature allows AVG to scan file when they are oppened,
saved,copied

The Virus Vault is a quarantine area where all removed files, virus infected or suspicious, 
are stored until you take action on them. All of the files in the vault are encrypted and cannot 
do your computer any harm. The main purpose of the Virus Vault is to keep any suspicious file for 
a certain period of time, so that you can make sure you do not need the file any more and manually 
delete it. If you find that the Virus Vault has quarantined a valid file, a false positive, it can 
be restored easily from this interface.

