The essence of intrusion detection is the process of detecting potential misuse or attacks and the ability to respond based on the alert 
that is provided. Best practices in a network environment is to have host-based intrusion detection systems enabled on critical servers 
and workstations to provide your network and security organization with real-time alerts and alarms pertaining to potential system 
compromise and/or unauthorized access.

In the next steps, you will configure Snort on the TargetSnort virtual machine to detect vulnerability scans. Snort is an open source 
network intrusion prevention and detection system (IPS/IDS), capable of performing real-time traffic analysis and packet logging on 
IP networks. It can perform protocol analysis, content searching/matching, and can be used to detect a variety of attacks and probes, 
such as buffer overflows, stealth port scans, CGI attacks, SMB probes, OS fingerprinting attempts, and much more.


The essence of intrusion detection is the process of detecting potential misuse or attacks and the ability to respond based on the 
alert that is provided. Best practices in a network environment is to have host-based intrusion detection systems enabled on critical 
servers and workstations to provide your network and security organization with real-time alerts and alarms pertaining to potential 
system compromise and/or unauthorized access.

In the next steps, you will configure Snort on the TargetSnort virtual machine to detect vulnerability scans. Snort is an open 
source network intrusion prevention and detection system (IPS/IDS), capable of performing real-time traffic analysis and packet logging 
on IP networks. It can perform protocol analysis, content searching/matching, and can be used to detect a variety of attacks and probes, 
such as buffer overflows, stealth port scans, CGI attacks, SMB probes, OS fingerprinting attempts, and much more.

OpenVAS recognizes three distinct roles:

    User: Only enough privileges for everyday use.
    Administrator: Includes extra administration privileges, like the ability to add users or synchronize the feed.
    Observer: Only enough privileges to view resources. That is, an observer is forbidden from creating, removing, modifying or 
			  using all tasks, targets, configurations, etc. Furthermore, an observer may only view these resources when the owner 
			  of the task adds the observer to the task's observer list. 
	
	It is possible to identify the digital signatures of common reconnaissance and probing scans, such as Ping, Nmap, and OpenVAS. 
	Program your IDS and IPS devices to specifically alert and block reconnaissance and probing IP packets that are commonly used by 
	these attack tools. All of the normal hacking applications and tools that generate ICMP, IP, UDP, and TCP should also be identified 
	and blocked on your external IDS/IPS device, including denial of service (DoS) and distributed denial of services (DDoS) digital 
	signatures.