
The mobility and flexibility offered by wireless networks (WLAN) encourages many organizations to 
include wireless within their infrastructure, but it opens the company to risks not found in a wired network. 
Wireless access points are extremely inexpensive and easy for novice to configure. An employee could plug in a wireless access point 
to the network jack at his or her desk and allow an unauthorized user to access the network and, possibly, unauthorized systems.

There are inherent risks, threats, and vulnerabilities within WLAN infrastructures. 
Some WLANs are implemented with no encryption, while others use only WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy) which uses only 
a weak 40-bits of encryption. Users frequently share passwords to allow others access to the WLAN. 
Additionally, most users unknowingly broadcast their SSID (Service Set Identifier) information, their network's name, in cleartext. 
Without the use of VPN or encryption technology, this information is easily captured by readily-available scanners. 
Isolation, firewalls, and even IDS/IPS devices should be considered as part of your WLAN layered security strategy.

There are also risks involved with logging onto access points in airports or other public places, 
as an attacker can enable a rogue wireless access point to capture credentials and other data while 
an unsuspecting user connects to the Internet using a free WLAN connection. Using a mobile cell phone or external WLAN 
as a WiFi connection point could allow others to bypass internal corporate security solutions. 
It important to have a wireless access policy and to conduct regular site surveys and audits. 
Improperly configured WLANs can provide unrestricted access to an organization's entire network environment.

Other security countermeasures that can be enabled on your wireless access point (WAP) include:

    Enabling MAC address filtering on the WAPs. These addresses can be spoofed.
    Disabling SSID broadcast. The SSID can still be found through other means.
    Limiting the amount of available IP host addresses on the WLAN DHCP server to prevent unauthorized DHCP leases.
    Enabling WPA2 to maximize encryption and ensure data transmission confidentiality. WPA2-Enterprise utilizes additional 
	IT infrastructure such as a RADIUS server that helps authenticate and secure against unauthorized access.
    
	Utilizing hashing for data transmissions and emails through WLANs to ensure data integrity. 
		